graph_startTime long
graph_endTime long
graph_executionTime long
graph_graphName string
graph_result string
graph_runningPhase integer
phase_0_startTime long
phase_0_endTime long
phase_0_executionTime long
phase_0_memoryUtilization long
phase_0_result string
component_DATA_READER0_name string
component_DATA_READER0_usageCPU number
component_DATA_READER0_usageUser number
component_DATA_READER0_peakUsageCPU number
component_DATA_READER0_peakUsageUser number
component_DATA_READER0_totalCPUTime long
component_DATA_READER0_totalUserTime long
component_DATA_READER0_result string
outputPort_0_DATA_READER0_byteFlow integer
outputPort_0_DATA_READER0_bytePeak integer
outputPort_0_DATA_READER0_totalBytes long
outputPort_0_DATA_READER0_recordFlow integer
outputPort_0_DATA_READER0_recordPeak integer
outputPort_0_DATA_READER0_totalRecords long
outputPort_0_DATA_READER0_waitingRecords integer
outputPort_0_DATA_READER0_averageWaitingRecords integer
outputPort_1_DATA_READER0_byteFlow integer
outputPort_1_DATA_READER0_bytePeak integer
outputPort_1_DATA_READER0_totalBytes long
outputPort_1_DATA_READER0_recordFlow integer
outputPort_1_DATA_READER0_recordPeak integer
outputPort_1_DATA_READER0_totalRecords long
outputPort_1_DATA_READER0_waitingRecords integer
outputPort_1_DATA_READER0_averageWaitingRecords integer
component_TRASH1_name string
component_TRASH1_usageCPU number
component_TRASH1_usageUser number
component_TRASH1_peakUsageCPU number
component_TRASH1_peakUsageUser number
component_TRASH1_totalCPUTime long
component_TRASH1_totalUserTime long
component_TRASH1_result string
inputPort_0_TRASH1_byteFlow integer
inputPort_0_TRASH1_bytePeak integer
inputPort_0_TRASH1_totalBytes long
inputPort_0_TRASH1_recordFlow integer
inputPort_0_TRASH1_recordPeak integer
inputPort_0_TRASH1_totalRecords long
inputPort_0_TRASH1_waitingRecords integer
inputPort_0_TRASH1_averageWaitingRecords integer
inputPort_1_TRASH1_byteFlow integer
inputPort_1_TRASH1_bytePeak integer
inputPort_1_TRASH1_totalBytes long
inputPort_1_TRASH1_recordFlow integer
inputPort_1_TRASH1_recordPeak integer
inputPort_1_TRASH1_totalRecords long
inputPort_1_TRASH1_waitingRecords integer
inputPort_1_TRASH1_averageWaitingRecords integer
component_SIMPLE_GATHER0_name string
component_SIMPLE_GATHER0_usageCPU number
component_SIMPLE_GATHER0_usageUser number
component_SIMPLE_GATHER0_peakUsageCPU number
component_SIMPLE_GATHER0_peakUsageUser number
component_SIMPLE_GATHER0_totalCPUTime long
component_SIMPLE_GATHER0_totalUserTime long
component_SIMPLE_GATHER0_result string
inputPort_0_SIMPLE_GATHER0_byteFlow integer
inputPort_0_SIMPLE_GATHER0_bytePeak integer
inputPort_0_SIMPLE_GATHER0_totalBytes long
inputPort_0_SIMPLE_GATHER0_recordFlow integer
inputPort_0_SIMPLE_GATHER0_recordPeak integer
inputPort_0_SIMPLE_GATHER0_totalRecords long
inputPort_0_SIMPLE_GATHER0_waitingRecords integer
inputPort_0_SIMPLE_GATHER0_averageWaitingRecords integer
inputPort_1_SIMPLE_GATHER0_byteFlow integer
inputPort_1_SIMPLE_GATHER0_bytePeak integer
inputPort_1_SIMPLE_GATHER0_totalBytes long
inputPort_1_SIMPLE_GATHER0_recordFlow integer
inputPort_1_SIMPLE_GATHER0_recordPeak integer
inputPort_1_SIMPLE_GATHER0_totalRecords long
inputPort_1_SIMPLE_GATHER0_waitingRecords integer
inputPort_1_SIMPLE_GATHER0_averageWaitingRecords integer
outputPort_0_SIMPLE_GATHER0_byteFlow integer
outputPort_0_SIMPLE_GATHER0_bytePeak integer
outputPort_0_SIMPLE_GATHER0_totalBytes long
outputPort_0_SIMPLE_GATHER0_recordFlow integer
outputPort_0_SIMPLE_GATHER0_recordPeak integer
outputPort_0_SIMPLE_GATHER0_totalRecords long
outputPort_0_SIMPLE_GATHER0_waitingRecords integer
outputPort_0_SIMPLE_GATHER0_averageWaitingRecords integer
outputPort_1_SIMPLE_GATHER0_byteFlow integer
outputPort_1_SIMPLE_GATHER0_bytePeak integer
outputPort_1_SIMPLE_GATHER0_totalBytes long
outputPort_1_SIMPLE_GATHER0_recordFlow integer
outputPort_1_SIMPLE_GATHER0_recordPeak integer
outputPort_1_SIMPLE_GATHER0_totalRecords long
outputPort_1_SIMPLE_GATHER0_waitingRecords integer
outputPort_1_SIMPLE_GATHER0_averageWaitingRecords integer
component_TRASH0_name string
component_TRASH0_usageCPU number
component_TRASH0_usageUser number
component_TRASH0_peakUsageCPU number
component_TRASH0_peakUsageUser number
component_TRASH0_totalCPUTime long
component_TRASH0_totalUserTime long
component_TRASH0_result string
inputPort_0_TRASH0_byteFlow integer
inputPort_0_TRASH0_bytePeak integer
inputPort_0_TRASH0_totalBytes long
inputPort_0_TRASH0_recordFlow integer
inputPort_0_TRASH0_recordPeak integer
inputPort_0_TRASH0_totalRecords long
inputPort_0_TRASH0_waitingRecords integer
inputPort_0_TRASH0_averageWaitingRecords integer
component_DATA_GENERATOR0_name string
component_DATA_GENERATOR0_usageCPU number
component_DATA_GENERATOR0_usageUser number
component_DATA_GENERATOR0_peakUsageCPU number
component_DATA_GENERATOR0_peakUsageUser number
component_DATA_GENERATOR0_totalCPUTime long
component_DATA_GENERATOR0_totalUserTime long
component_DATA_GENERATOR0_result string
outputPort_0_DATA_GENERATOR0_byteFlow integer
outputPort_0_DATA_GENERATOR0_bytePeak integer
outputPort_0_DATA_GENERATOR0_totalBytes long
outputPort_0_DATA_GENERATOR0_recordFlow integer
outputPort_0_DATA_GENERATOR0_recordPeak integer
outputPort_0_DATA_GENERATOR0_totalRecords long
outputPort_0_DATA_GENERATOR0_waitingRecords integer
outputPort_0_DATA_GENERATOR0_averageWaitingRecords integer
